Support for bootstrap segments (#16609)
apache/druid: docs/api-reference/legacy-metadata-api.md

`POST /druid/coordinator/v1/metadata/bootstrapSegments`

> Returns information about bootstrap segments for all datasources. The returned set will include all broadcast segments if broadcast rules are configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns information about bootstrap segments for all datasources. The returned set includes all broadcast segments if broadcast rules are configured.
```
